Master, apprentice, do you have a video?
This villain, relying on his own strength,
Doing evil everywhere. apprentice,
The apprentice is no match for him.
I also asked Master to take action to capture him,
Let him stop doing evil.
Fight to the death, don't stop, this is the man,
He no longer has sex with anyone at will, and even forcibly surrendered my granddaughter.
Death in battle, the right thing to do,
Also ask for the Master's hand to suppress the evildoers.
As above, since you are willing to do the opposite,
Fighting without the God of Destruction is a crime worthy of death.
My house disciple brother
I didn’t even mention the destruction of Lord God Brother.
Is it impossible to have the Invincible God Brother?
Lord Destroyer God Brother
Congratulations, Mr. God
Never loyal
Lord God Brother
We don’t even know about Lu Xia
You are my favorite woman
I didn’t want to get to know you in general
I'm looking for death when I see you
Then I will help you
Tomorrow you are having a snack
Please also ask Master Shandi to follow the rules
Forget it, forget it
Everything ends here
Xiaoyun, are you willing to marry me?
don't let you